regression fix for merging DF with datetime index with empty DF (#36897)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.1.4.rst

Fixed regressions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Fixed regression in :func:`merge` on merging datetime index with empty DF (:issue:`36895`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in :func:`merge` on merging datetime index with empty :class:`DataFrame` (:issue:`36895`)
```

> - Fixed regression in :func:`merge` on merging datetime index with empty :class:`DataFrame` (:issue:`36895`)

Reviewer 2: move to 1.2; this has gone on long enough that we can't change in a point release.
